in the short term it seems so Well let's
listen to the three of them
I think it lasts a minute each where they
explain the crux of the matter very well
okay I also recommend
everyone to watch the full video which is
very good okay I'm
going to put the audio only because
I have it on WhatsApp
the WhatsApp which has a lot of WhatsApp
I remember this this is and consequently it
occurs now you're going to see here to
provisionally dismiss the case
when there is a provisional dismissal
as you see here at the end that I have I have
put it with a little square there is no
ordinary appeal Unlike if the
dismissal is free there is no
ordinary appeal What happens And that is what
Iván Hernández tried to explain What
happens is that Rocío Carrasco the defense
team Better said Rocío Carrasco's defense team
considers that despite being a
provisional dismissal she has practically no
room for maneuver to be able to reopen the
case with which the
defense team Rocío Carrasco's lawyers
consider hence the confusion
that despite being a
provisional dismissal it has a format we can
say it this way it is hidden Or it would be
closer to what would be a
free dismissal because he understands that
with what is said in this ruling from the
provincial court he
has practically a
0.001 chance of reopening The chaos the
case is
worth I think he has explained to him seeing
perfect no there is no need for much
matin it is not a bit of a mess because the truth
is that all the little legal things are a
bit of a mess but
I think that the conclusion is very clear
but it does not matter because even and
all these clips I have seen that they have been
used in fuchsia channels as if
throwing it to the ground I say Well then
nothing
let's see my son if we
continue listening to the clips and I take
out Rocío Carrasco's own legal team
was so clear that it was very
difficult to open the case that
they took this ruling as if it were a
free
or definitive dismissal hence they tried to
appeal by filing this
appeal here what we should
ask Rocío Carrasco's legal team
is knowing that the case is
provisionally dismissed Why do you
go to the supreme court with this
appeal when you know that an
appeal cannot be filed unless
the case the  dismissal of the case
whether free or definitive which is not the case
okay and the last
legal team of Rocío Carrasco
is clear
that it is not that the case cannot be reopened
yes it can because as you can see it
is a provisional dismissal with which
the case could be reopened
but with the arguments and the
forcefulness of the order
stipulated by the provincial court
of Madrid practically knows that it
has no room for maneuver and what
Antonio David's lawyer says is that on the
one hand she knows and her lawyers know that it is
practically impossible to reopen the
case but the message that is being given
publicly and in the media is that
she
is very close to reopening the case or that
with her media actions she will manage to
reopen the case something that is not true and
as
our lawyer Nuria Astorgas told us here at the time
in terms of jurisprudence the docuseries
is as if the judges had seen
Pasapalabra otherwise the
series is in no way
evidence to reopen any case what a
joke what people
who believe  you have to be hotchsia
to believe that they are going to reopen a
case, let's
see, but we have to remember
please that the testimony of Cristina
Cárdenas etc etc etc and all that series of
characters that they wanted to use them for is
what I wanted to
say credibility okay then I
loved it I don't know what Albert said about
the defense it's not that of course I'll
take it I'm going to explain mine I'm going to explain it in a
very simple way Okay well since I
'm more of a neighborhood person I'm going to say it in a way
so that everyone already who doesn't
want to understand it doesn't understand okay
free forklift driver it's the dismissal that is over that
the case has been closed okay And the
provisional dismissal It is one that if
something gets tense whatever it is it leaves you the
possibility that you can reopen the case that
has a limited time that I think
in fact ends in one in a
couple of months or a few weeks it's not worth it what
happens in cases of
gender violence normally just in case
because there is psychological abuse and there is
physical abuse that is very difficult to
prove So just in case
something suddenly happens okay then you  They take it and they
always put it on provisional for
a lot of years but a lot of years
that we are talking about five years or
six almost not then
They are grabbing anchorava Burning that
the case is
provisionally dismissed but it is
provisionally dismissed with two orders that are
devastating I do not have it here if you want we can
read the part Well I had told it
with words Okay but no I have it
here not because it was sent to me but
because it is public in the judicial power I know
that I already know that I already know to
look for it just like it is but they are
devastating then with the arguments they
give there is nothing to appeal there is
nothing to discuss Why Because the
judges have seen the reports that
the girl presents the judges have
seen Carrasco's arguments and they say
what the hell is this? This is not
abuse I know that but I associate all this
knowing a little in these
years of how Javier Vasallo acts who is
his lawyer the lawyer Rocío Carrasco and
Fidel a little who as far as I know and
could see at least two years ago
acted as an intern a little  he sent
the emails and made reals
I don't know Ah it is known
Well me but why because
I am here all day to see okay Okay
then it is tough eh it is tough Javier I
mean if I say yes I mean he has always had
that reputation will you remember I do
n't remember that the case of
another similar case of this
parental kidnapping that I don't know what and the lawyer of the
man who was here I was
interviewing his lawyer was Javier
Vasallo
and apparently it is a job
for me for example a youtuber with whom
a few months ago the same
lawyers as Jesulín were handling it but the thing is that I think
Javier Vasallo Fidelli Rocío
Beyond obviously being a lawyer and his
client they do not have a closer relationship
eh I mean I want to tell you that I think
that about the years also no Of
course you think that it is his second home
Rocío's second home
with what she has to be what I tell you
when I had the trial with this man
the lawyer the truth is that the poor man did
what he could with what he had but of course
the truth is the truth
Ultimately In conclusion the case
technically can be reopened if it is
provisional  but it can't be opened with
an appeal it can't be opened with a
docu-series nor can it be spoken to nor
can it be reopened with anything that already
exists okay you can reopen yes but it has to
be that Antonio David goes crazy
goes over there and grabs
Rocio Carrasco by the neck and someone records it or it can be
proven for God's sake don't say that but
come on it has to be an outrage Yes
for that to be opened Marina okay but
listen to me one thing Antonio David said
the other day in his live if I'm not
mistaken that this would expire or something
similar on March 26th meaning in two
weeks nothing at all would expire But
what am I telling you So they are
playing with the possibility like it's
possible to open it Let's see it's possible that it will
open like that But it's also possible
that you win the lottery tomorrow of course let's
see I can report you Marina if you
come
yes it comes tomorrow let's
see what can be reopened yes but it has to
be cantonavit go crazy go
over there The threat hit him insult him
or suddenly he becomes it with a
program and says you  I'm going to kill or
something like that like I no longer no no no no no no
no did he
do something like that really is that
was good imagine providing that as
evidence
Well look look how he didn't provide it Look at
the butcher I'll have to tell it because
people are going to go bald with this
gossip maybe he won't stay okay okay about the
overthrow issue the car is
devastating I mean the car and besides it's
no secret there is an article that I think
is from the world and then another one that I know for a
fact that they are telling you the most
important points of the car the car is basically
telling you with judicial words
that what Rocio Carrasco is suing
as it is not mistreatment and that it is
a joke that the two of them fight
on television
they cross lawsuit And they also talk a lot
about that report of the alleged
suicide attempt Well the judges say
but let's see that the first thing that
you went to the hospital the issue that you didn't
let them talk if Fidel wasn't on the
phone in comments he left because he felt like it
or rather all that is put there is put there
Okay and the press in fact Eco  Of
that and apart from that, history already tells it, you
know what
people know a lot about this subject,
who apart from those who
lived it, obviously
you are not from the family,
someone from the Ortega Cano family, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a
lot
of this specific fact, let's
see, let's
see the report, that you go to the doctor
telling him that you are trying to commit suicide
because in a month and a half he will go and you
are more that can already be seen how. But you know what
happens Javi that automatically even if
everything is analyzed and it has everything and
everything that we are
commenting on, the car, the
rest does not matter because the fact
that you publicly on a social network
dare to question something like that, I
understand that it may sound shocking at
first because you say how can you
question? Well, precisely because of the
number of people who have experienced it, the
people who are
so annoyed that someone makes fun of you like
that, dude, publish it, the
report is published by
vanitati and it is black on one, there is no
private data or anything because it has that
crossed out, I have only seen that report, have
you seen it without the cross-out no no no no
no  but but publish it
So the part of the crossing out That no that no no there
no In that part of the
reports there is no private data or
anything and what you are being told is what has
happened there the interviews Well that's
why as Antonio said I
challenged him not to make it public
in full that I applauded the truth I said I
hope he's not going to do it he's not going to do it
for what purpose is he going to do it now
if you don't have social networks
in What program already publishing if it was
Well it's that what you see
that comes to YouTube Javi takes I hope
hopefully here telling or clarifying his
truth to continue I don't know for I don't know
I hope hopefully or hopefully Marta takes a risk
with the interview on Twitch that Marta is
going to Twitch now Hey
come on How good Congratulations Marta
Congratulations on a content Hey but I don't know
if it's that you're going to feel they finish me
[Music]